README.md, before:

## Selective Repeat

### Overview
This project simulates a selective-repeat protocol with a sliding window for reliable data transmission. The implementation consists of a Logger class for logging events, a CircularBuffer class for managing the sliding window, a Frame class for representing data packets, and separate Sender and Receiver classes for handling the transmission process. The Main class ties everything together and allows users to configure and run the simulation.

![Selective Repeat](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/assets/questions/media/59904/15.jpg)


### Requirements

Java JDK (version X or higher)
Jansi library (version 2.3.4 or higher)
Maven

### Running the Project

Clone the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/Babatunde50/selective-repeat.git
```

Change to the project directory:

```
cd selective-repeat
```

Compile the project:

```
mvn clean compile
```

Run the project:

```
mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass="application.main.Main"
```

The application will start and run the selective-repeat protocol simulation based on the specified window size and packet loss probability.

Commit message:

add download artifacts job to workflow

README.md, after:

## Selective Repeat

### Overview
This project simulates a selective-repeat protocol with a sliding window for reliable data transmission. The implementation consists of a Logger class for logging events, a CircularBuffer class for managing the sliding window, a Frame class for representing data packets, and separate Sender and Receiver classes for handling the transmission process. The Main class ties everything together and allows users to configure and run the simulation.

![Selective Repeat](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/assets/questions/media/59904/15.jpg)


### Running the Project using Github actions

To run the project using GitHub Actions:

- Navigate to the "Actions" tab in your GitHub repository.

- Find the "Compile and Run" workflow in the list of available workflows.

- Click "Run workflow" to start the workflow manually. The project will be compiled and run using the specified configuration.

- To view the progress and logs of the workflow, click on the specific run of the "Compile and Run" workflow.


### Running the Project on your local machine

Requirements

- Java JDK (version X or higher)
- Jansi library (version 2.3.4 or higher)
- Maven


Clone the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/Babatunde50/selective-repeat.git
```

Change to the project directory:

```
cd selective-repeat
```

Compile the project:

```
mvn clean compile
```

Run the project:

```
mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass="application.main.Main"
```

The application will start and run the selective-repeat protocol simulation based on the specified window size and packet loss probability.
